{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red222\green53\blue46;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c90588\c29804\c23529;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww63500\viewh35700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is HTTP?\uc0\u8232 Hyper Text Transfer Protocol is governs how clients get data from, or send data to, a server.\
What is a URL?\uc0\u8232 Short for Uniform Resource Locator, a URL is an address for some internet resource.\
What is DNS?\uc0\u8232 Short for Domain Name System, this is a system that takes human-readable URLs and converts them into IP addresses.\
What is a query string?\uc0\u8232 The query string allows you to pass key-value pairs into the URL, in the format 
\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf3 ?key1=value1&key2=value2...
\fs32 \cf0 \
List two HTTP Verbs and their use cases.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
GET - get some data from the server (most pages, search forms)\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
POST - send some data to the server (pages that change data on server)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 What is an HTTP request?\uc0\u8232 An HTTP request is a request from a client to a server which follows the HTTP protocol (eg a request for HTML from news.google.com)\
What is an HTTP response?\uc0\u8232 An HTTP response is a response from a server to a client which follows the HTTP protocol (eg sending back HTML/CSS/JS/etc)\
What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Headers provide additional information about the request or the response. Here are some examples:\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Request headers: Host, User-Agent, Accept, Cookie, Cache-Control\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Response headers: Content-Type, Last-Modified, Set-Cookie, Cache-Control\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 What happens when you type a URL in a browser?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your browser \'93resolves\'94 the name into an IP address using DNS\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your browser makes a request to that IP address, including headers (info about browser, any previous cookies, and other things)\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The server sends a response (typically, HTML, with a status code (200 if it was sucessful)\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The browser makes a DOM from that HTML, and finds any other resources needed (images, CSS, JavaScript, etc)\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The browser makes separate HTTP requests for those resources and receives response from the server for each}